---
title: Fonctionnalités de conformité et de sécurité dans l’archivage Exchange Online
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- compliance-and-security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: 7482322a-39fe-4a99-b29c-63cb1bc3cf1f
ms.openlocfilehash: b03c74e0c760cf22c12e6973a544553d119471fe
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: fr-FR
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45132738"
---
# <a name="compliance-and-security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-102">Fonctionnalités de conformité et de sécurité dans l’archivage Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-102">Compliance and security features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

## <a name="compliance-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-103">Fonctionnalités de conformité dans l'archivage Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-103">Compliance features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-104">Les sections suivantes décrivent les fonctionnalités de conformité de Microsoft Archivage Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-104">The following sections describe the compliance features of Microsoft Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="retention-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-105">Stratégies de rétention</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-105">Retention policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-106">Archivage Exchange Online offre des stratégies de rétention qui permettent aux organisations de limiter les possibilités associées à la messagerie et autres communications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-106">Exchange Online Archiving offers retention policies to help organizations reduce the liabilities associated with email and other communications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-107">Grâce à ces stratégies, les administrateurs peuvent appliquer des paramètres de rétention à des dossiers spécifiques dans les boîtes de réception des utilisateurs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-107">With these policies, administrators can apply retention settings to specific folders in users' inboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-108">Les administrateurs peuvent également donner aux utilisateurs un menu de stratégies de rétention et les autoriser à appliquer les stratégies à des éléments, des conversations ou des dossiers spécifiques à l’aide d’Outlook 2010 ou version ultérieure ou d’Outlook sur le Web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-108">Administrators can also give users a menu of retention policies and let them apply the policies to specific items, conversations, or folders using Outlook 2010 or later or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-109">Dans l'Archivage Exchange Online, les administrateurs gèrent les stratégies de rétention à partir de l'infrastructure sur site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-109">In Exchange Online Archiving, administrators manage retention policies from the on-premises infrastructure.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-110">Exchange Online Archiving offers two types of policies: archive and delete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-110">Exchange Online Archiving offers two types of policies: archive and delete.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-111">Both types can be applied to the same item or folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-111">Both types can be applied to the same item or folder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-112">For example, a user can tag an email message so that it is automatically moved to the personal archive in a specified number of days and deleted after another span of days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-112">For example, a user can tag an email message so that it is automatically moved to the personal archive in a specified number of days and deleted after another span of days.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-113">Avec Outlook 2010 et versions ultérieures et Outlook sur le Web, les utilisateurs peuvent appliquer des stratégies de rétention à des dossiers, des conversations ou des messages individuels et peuvent également afficher les stratégies de rétention appliquées et les dates de suppression attendues sur les messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-113">With Outlook 2010 and later and Outlook on the web, users can apply retention policies to folders, conversations, or individual messages and can also view the applied retention policies and expected deletion dates on messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-114">Les utilisateurs des autres clients de messagerie peuvent également faire supprimer ou archiver des messages électroniques en fonction des stratégies de rétention côté serveur définies par l'administrateur, mais ils ne bénéficient pas du même niveau de visibilité et de contrôle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-114">Users of other email clients can have email deleted or archived based on server-side retention policies provisioned by the administrator, but they do not have the same level of visibility and control.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-115">The retention policy capabilities offered in Exchange Online Archiving are the same as those offered in Exchange Server 2010 Service Pack 2 (SP2) and later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-115">The retention policy capabilities offered in Exchange Online Archiving are the same as those offered in Exchange Server 2010 Service Pack 2 (SP2) and later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-116">Administrators can manage retention policies from on-premises Exchange Server 2010 and later environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-116">Administrators can manage retention policies from on-premises Exchange Server 2010 and later environments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-117">Managed Folders, an older approach to messaging records management that was introduced in Exchange 2007, are not available in and not compatible with Exchange Online Archiving.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-117">Managed Folders, an older approach to messaging records management that was introduced in Exchange 2007, are not available in and not compatible with Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-118">For more details, see [Retention Tags and Retention Policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=314153).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-118">For more details, see [Retention Tags and Retention Policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=314153).</span></span>
  
### <a name="in-place-hold-and-litigation-hold"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-119">Archive permanente et mise en attente pour litige</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-119">In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-120">When a reasonable expectation of litigation exists, organizations are required to preserve electronically stored information (ESI), including email that's relevant to the case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-120">When a reasonable expectation of litigation exists, organizations are required to preserve electronically stored information (ESI), including email that's relevant to the case.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-121">This expectation can occur before the specifics of the case are known, and preservation is often broad.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-121">This expectation can occur before the specifics of the case are known, and preservation is often broad.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-122">Organizations may preserve all email related to a specific topic, or all email for certain individuals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-122">Organizations may preserve all email related to a specific topic, or all email for certain individuals.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-123">Dans Exchange Online, vous pouvez utiliser la conservation inaltérable et la conservation pour litige pour accomplir les tâches suivantes :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-123">In Exchange Online, you can use In-Place Hold or Litigation Hold to accomplish the following goals:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-124">Permettre aux utilisateurs d'être bloqués et de conserver immuablement les éléments de boîte aux lettres</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-124">Enable users to be placed on hold and preserve mailbox items immutably</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-125">Conserver les éléments de boîte aux lettres supprimés par les utilisateurs ou les processus de suppression automatique, tels que la gestion des enregistrements de messagerie (MRM)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-125">Preserve mailbox items deleted by users or automatic deletion processes such as MRM</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-126">Protéger les éléments de boîte aux lettres de la falsification, de la modification par un utilisateur ou des processus automatiques en enregistrant une copie de l'élément d'origine</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-126">Protect mailbox items from tampering, changes by a user, or automatic processes by saving a copy of the original item</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-127">Conserver les éléments indéfiniment ou pendant une durée spécifique</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-127">Preserve items indefinitely or for a specific duration</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-128">Garantir la transparence de la conservation des messages pour l'utilisateur sans devoir suspendre la gestion des enregistrements de messagerie</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-128">Keep holds transparent from the user by not having to suspend MRM</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-129">Utiliser la découverte électronique locale pour rechercher des éléments de boîte aux lettres, y compris les éléments mis en attente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-129">Use In-Place eDiscovery to search mailbox items, including items placed on hold</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-130">En outre, vous pouvez utiliser la conservation inaltérable pour effectuer les actions suivantes :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-130">Additionally, you can use In-Place Hold to:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-131">Rechercher et bloquer les éléments correspondants aux critères spécifiés</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-131">Search and hold items matching specified criteria</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-132">Placer un utilisateur sous plusieurs conservations inaltérables pour différentes procédures ou enquêtes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-132">Place a user on multiple In-Place Holds for different cases or investigations</span></span>
    
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-133">Lorsque vous placez une boîte aux lettres en conservation inaltérable ou en conservation pour litige, la conservation porte à la fois sur la boîte aux lettres d'archivage et la boîte aux lettres principale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-133">When you put a mailbox on In-Place Hold or Litigation Hold, the hold is placed on both the primary and the archive mailbox.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-134">Pour plus d'informations, consultez la rubrique [Conservation inaltérable et conservation pour litige](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-134">For more information, see [In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746).</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-135">Le quota par défaut pour le dossier Éléments récupérables est de 100 Go pour les utilisateurs de l'Archivage Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-135">The default quota for the Recoverable Items Folder is 100 GB for Exchange Online Archiving users.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="in-place-ediscovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-136">Découverte électronique locale</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-136">In-Place eDiscovery</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-137">Exchange Online Archiving supports In-Place eDiscovery for searching the contents of mailboxes in an organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-137">Exchange Online Archiving supports In-Place eDiscovery for searching the contents of mailboxes in an organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-138">Using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell from an on-premises Exchange 2013 server, administrators or authorized Discovery managers can search a variety of mailbox items - including email messages, attachments, calendar appointments, tasks, and contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-138">Using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell from an on-premises Exchange 2013 server, administrators or authorized Discovery managers can search a variety of mailbox items - including email messages, attachments, calendar appointments, tasks, and contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-139">In-Place eDiscovery can search simultaneously across primary mailboxes and archives.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-139">In-Place eDiscovery can search simultaneously across primary mailboxes and archives.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-140">Rich filtering capabilities include sender, receiver, message types, sent date, received date, carbon copy, and blind carbon copy, along with Keyword Query Language (KQL) syntax.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-140">Rich filtering capabilities include sender, receiver, message types, sent date, received date, carbon copy, and blind carbon copy, along with Keyword Query Language (KQL) syntax.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-141">For more details, see [In-Place eDiscovery](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314169).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-141">For more details, see [In-Place eDiscovery](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314169).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-142">The Exchange admin center and remote Windows PowerShell can be used to search up to 5,000 mailboxes at a time in an In-Place eDiscovery search.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-142">The Exchange admin center and remote Windows PowerShell can be used to search up to 5,000 mailboxes at a time in an In-Place eDiscovery search.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-143">For details about using remote Windows PowerShell to run In-Place eDiscovery searches, see [New-MailboxSearch](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314170).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-143">For details about using remote Windows PowerShell to run In-Place eDiscovery searches, see [New-MailboxSearch](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314170).</span></span> 
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-144">In remote Windows PowerShell, the  `Search-Mailbox` cmdlet can be used to search more than 5,000 mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-144">In remote Windows PowerShell, the  `Search-Mailbox` cmdlet can be used to search more than 5,000 mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-145">For details about searching large numbers of mailboxes using remote Windows PowerShell, see [Search-Mailbox](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314171).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-145">For details about searching large numbers of mailboxes using remote Windows PowerShell, see [Search-Mailbox](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314171).</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-146">Results of an In-Place eDiscovery search can be previewed in the Exchange admin center, exported to a .pst file, or copied to a special type of mailbox, called a discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-146">Results of an In-Place eDiscovery search can be previewed in the Exchange admin center, exported to a .pst file, or copied to a special type of mailbox, called a discovery mailbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-147">Administrators or compliance officers can connect to the discovery mailbox to review messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-147">Administrators or compliance officers can connect to the discovery mailbox to review messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-148">For details, see [Create an In-Place eDiscovery Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314172).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-148">For details, see [Create an In-Place eDiscovery Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314172).</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-149">When copying search results for an In-Place eDiscovery search performed across on-premises and cloud-based mailboxes or archives, you must select an on-premises discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-149">When copying search results for an In-Place eDiscovery search performed across on-premises and cloud-based mailboxes or archives, you must select an on-premises discovery mailbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-150">Messages from the on-premises primary mailbox and the cloud-based archive are copied to the on-premises discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-150">Messages from the on-premises primary mailbox and the cloud-based archive are copied to the on-premises discovery mailbox.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-151">Administrators can also search for and delete inappropriate email messages sent to multiple mailboxes across their organizations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-151">Administrators can also search for and delete inappropriate email messages sent to multiple mailboxes across their organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-152">For example, if confidential salary information was accidentally sent to all employees, an administrator can delete the email from the users' mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-152">For example, if confidential salary information was accidentally sent to all employees, an administrator can delete the email from the users' mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-153">This type of search is not available in the Exchange admin center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-153">This type of search is not available in the Exchange admin center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-154">It must be performed using Remote PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-154">It must be performed using Remote PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-155">For details on how to delete messages from users' mailboxes, see [Search and Delete Messages](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314173).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-155">For details on how to delete messages from users' mailboxes, see [Search and Delete Messages](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314173).</span></span>
  
## <a name="security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-156">Fonctionnalités de sécurité dans l'archivage Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-156">Security features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-157">Les sections suivantes décrivent les fonctionnalités de sécurité de Microsoft Archivage Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-157">The following sections describe the security features of Microsoft Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="encryption-between-on-premises-servers-and-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-158">Chiffrement entre serveurs sur site et archivage Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-158">Encryption between on-premises servers and Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-159">TLS est utilisé pour chiffrer la connexion entre les serveurs de messagerie pour aider à prévenir l'usurpation et assurer la confidentialité des messages en transit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-159">TLS is used to encrypt the connection between email servers to help prevent spoofing and provide confidentiality for messages in transit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-160">TLS est également utilisé pour sécuriser le trafic de serveur de messagerie local vers des centres de distribution Microsoft pour l’archivage Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-160">TLS is also used for securing on-premises mail server traffic to Microsoft datacenters for Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="encrypting-between-clients-and-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-161">Chiffrement entre clients et archivage Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-161">Encrypting between clients and Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-162">Les connexions client à l'Archivage Exchange Online utilisent les méthodes de chiffrement suivantes pour améliorer la sécurité :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-162">Client connections to Exchange Online Archiving use the following encryption methods to enhance security:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-163">Le protocole SSL est utilisé pour sécuriser Outlook, Outlook sur le Web et le trafic des services Web Exchange, à l’aide du port TCP 443.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-163">SSL is used for securing Outlook, Outlook on the web, and Exchange Web Services traffic, using TCP port 443.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-164">Les connexions client aux serveurs locaux ne changent pas avec l'introduction de l'Archivage Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-164">Client connections to on-premises servers do not change with the introduction of Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
    
### <a name="encryption-smime-and-pgp"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-165">Chiffrement : S/MIME et PGP</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-165">Encryption: S/MIME and PGP</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-166">Exchange Online Archiving will store Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (S/MIME) messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-166">Exchange Online Archiving will store Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (S/MIME) messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-167">However, Exchange Online Archiving does not host S/MIME functions or host the public keys, nor does it provide key repository, key management, or key directory services because all of these services attach to the on-premises Exchange infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-167">However, Exchange Online Archiving does not host S/MIME functions or host the public keys, nor does it provide key repository, key management, or key directory services because all of these services attach to the on-premises Exchange infrastructure.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-168">De même, l'Archivage Exchange Online stocke les messages chiffrés à l'aide de solutions de chiffrement tierces côté client telles que Pretty Good Privacy (PGP).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-168">Similarly, Exchange Online Archiving will store messages that are encrypted using client-side, third-party encryption solutions such as Pretty Good Privacy (PGP).</span></span>
  
### <a name="information-rights-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-169">Gestion des droits relatifs à l’information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-169">Information Rights Management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-170">Exchange Online Archiving does not provide hosted Information Rights Management (IRM) services, but administrators can use on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Services (AD RMS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-170">Exchange Online Archiving does not provide hosted Information Rights Management (IRM) services, but administrators can use on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Services (AD RMS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-171">If an AD RMS server is deployed, Outlook can communicate directly with that server, enabling users to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-171">If an AD RMS server is deployed, Outlook can communicate directly with that server, enabling users to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-172">If interoperability between the AD RMS server and the on-premises Exchange environment is configured, users will be able to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-172">If interoperability between the AD RMS server and the on-premises Exchange environment is configured, users will be able to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span></span>
  
#### <a name="support-for-irm-in-outlook-on-the-web"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-173">Prise en charge d’IRM dans Outlook sur le Web</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-173">Support for IRM in Outlook on the web</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-174">Les utilisateurs peuvent lire et créer des messages protégés par IRM en mode natif dans Outlook sur le Web, tout comme ils le peuvent dans Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-174">Users can read and create IRM-protected messages natively in Outlook on the web, just as they can in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-175">Les messages protégés par IRM dans Outlook sur le Web sont accessibles via Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari et chrome (sans aucun plug-in requis).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-175">IRM-protected messages in Outlook on the web can be accessed through Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome (with no plug-in required).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-176">Les messages incluent la recherche en texte intégral, la vue conversation et le volet de visualisation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-176">The messages include full-text search, conversation view, and the preview pane.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-177">L'interopérabilité entre le serveur AD RMS (Active Directory Rights Management Services) et l'environnement Exchange sur site doit être configurée pour les activer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-177">Interoperability between the Active Directory Rights Management Services server and the on-premises Exchange environment must be configured to enable this.</span></span>
  
#### <a name="irm-search"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-178">Recherche de la Gestion des droits relatifs à l’information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-178">IRM search</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-179">Les messages protégés par la Gestion des droits relatifs à l'information (IRM) sont indexés et peuvent faire l'objet d'une recherche portant notamment sur les en-têtes, l'objet, le corps du message et les pièces jointes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-179">IRM-protected messages are indexed and searchable, including headers, subject, body, and attachments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-180">Les utilisateurs peuvent rechercher des éléments protégés par IRM dans Outlook et Outlook sur le Web, et les administrateurs peuvent rechercher des éléments protégés par IRM à l’aide de la découverte électronique inaltérable ou de la cmdlet **Search-Mailbox** .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-180">Users can search IRM-protected items in Outlook and Outlook on the web, and administrators can search IRM-protected items by using In-Place eDiscovery or the **Search-Mailbox** cmdlet.</span></span>
  
### <a name="auditing"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-181">Audit</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-181">Auditing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-182">L'Archivage Exchange Online fournit deux types de fonctionnalités d'audit intégrées :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-182">Exchange Online Archiving provides two types of built-in auditing capabilities:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-183">**Journalisation d'audit de l'administrateur** La journalisation d'audit de l'administrateur permet aux clients de suivre les modifications apportées par leurs administrateurs dans l'environnement d'Archivage Exchange Online, notamment les modifications aux rôles RBAC ou aux stratégies et paramètres d'Exchange.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-183">**Administrator audit logging** Administrator audit logging allows customers to track changes made by their administrators in the Exchange Online Archiving environment, including changes to RBAC roles or Exchange policies and settings.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="059b3-184">**Journalisation d'audit de boîte aux lettres** La journalisation d'audit de boîte aux lettres permet aux clients de suivre l'accès aux boîtes aux lettres par les utilisateurs autres que le propriétaire de la boîte aux lettres.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-184">**Mailbox audit logging** Mailbox audit logging allows customers to track access to mailboxes by users other than the mailbox owner.</span></span> 
    
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-185">Several predefined audit reports are available in the Exchange admin center, including Administrator Role Changes, Litigation Hold, and Non-Owner Mailbox Access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-185">Several predefined audit reports are available in the Exchange admin center, including Administrator Role Changes, Litigation Hold, and Non-Owner Mailbox Access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-186">Administrators can filter reports by date and role, and they can export all audit events for specified mailboxes in XML format for long-term retention or custom reporting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-186">Administrators can filter reports by date and role, and they can export all audit events for specified mailboxes in XML format for long-term retention or custom reporting.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="059b3-187">Administrator audit logging is on by default, and mailbox audit logging is off by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-187">Administrator audit logging is on by default, and mailbox audit logging is off by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-188">Administrators can use remote Windows PowerShell to enable mailbox audit logging for some or all mailboxes in their organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-188">Administrators can use remote Windows PowerShell to enable mailbox audit logging for some or all mailboxes in their organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="059b3-189">For more information, see [Auditing Reports](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314175).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-189">For more information, see [Auditing Reports](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314175).</span></span>
  
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="059b3-190">Disponibilité des fonctionnalités</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-190">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="059b3-191">Pour afficher la disponibilité des fonctionnalités dans les plans, les options autonomes et les solutions locales, voir [Description du service d’archivage Exchange Online](exchange-online-archiving-service-description.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="059b3-191">To view feature availability across plans, standalone options, and on-premise solutions, see [Exchange Online Archiving service description](exchange-online-archiving-service-description.md).</span></span>
  

