---
title: Autorisations
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- exchange-online-permissions
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: 7803d7c0-93e6-43a2-b2a4-3a39abe25500
description: Microsoft Exchange Online uses a Role Based Access Control (RBAC) model to allow organization administrators to finely control what users and IT employees can do in the service. For example, if a compliance officer is responsible for mailbox search requests, the administrator can delegate this administrative feature to the officer through RBAC. Exchange Online uses the same RBAC framework as Microsoft Exchange Server 2013.
ms.openlocfilehash: 0593c98857a7ce0c487c628018097395d7a5fe50
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: fr-FR
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45132688"
---
# <a name="permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-105">Autorisations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-105">Permissions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-106">Microsoft Exchange Online uses a Role Based Access Control (RBAC) model to allow organization administrators to finely control what users and IT employees can do in the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-106">Microsoft Exchange Online uses a Role Based Access Control (RBAC) model to allow organization administrators to finely control what users and IT employees can do in the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-107">For example, if a compliance officer is responsible for mailbox search requests, the administrator can delegate this administrative feature to the officer through RBAC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-107">For example, if a compliance officer is responsible for mailbox search requests, the administrator can delegate this administrative feature to the officer through RBAC.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-108">Exchange Online uses the same RBAC framework as Microsoft Exchange Server 2013.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-108">Exchange Online uses the same RBAC framework as Microsoft Exchange Server 2013.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-109">At its highest level, RBAC is made up of management roles, management role groups, and management role assignment policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-109">At its highest level, RBAC is made up of management roles, management role groups, and management role assignment policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-110">The following sections provide more information about each RBAC component.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-110">The following sections provide more information about each RBAC component.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-111">Pour plus d'informations sur le modèle d'autorisations RBAC utilisé dans Exchange Online, consultez la rubrique [Autorisations](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271935).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-111">For more information about the RBAC permissions model that's used in Exchange Online, see [Permissions](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271935).</span></span>
  
## <a name="role-based-permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-112">Autorisations basées sur des rôles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-112">Role-based permissions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-113">In Exchange Online, the permissions that you grant to administrators and users are based on management roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-113">In Exchange Online, the permissions that you grant to administrators and users are based on management roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-114">A role defines the set of tasks that an administrator or user can perform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-114">A role defines the set of tasks that an administrator or user can perform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-115">For example, a management role called  `Mail Recipients` defines the tasks that someone can perform on a set of mailboxes, contacts, and distribution groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-115">For example, a management role called  `Mail Recipients` defines the tasks that someone can perform on a set of mailboxes, contacts, and distribution groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-116">When a role is assigned to an administrator or user, that person is granted the permissions provided by the role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-116">When a role is assigned to an administrator or user, that person is granted the permissions provided by the role.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-117">Il existe deux types de rôles : rôles d'administrateur et rôles d'utilisateur final :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-117">There are two types of roles, administrative roles and end-user roles:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-118">**Rôles d'administrateur** Ces rôles comportent des autorisations qu'il est possible d'assigner à des administrateurs ou des utilisateurs spécialisés utilisant des groupes de rôles qui ont une fonction de gestion dans l'organisation Exchange Online (ex. destinataires, des ou bases de données).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-118">**Administrative roles** These roles contain permissions that can be assigned to administrators or specialist users by using role groups that manage a part of the Exchange Online organization, such as recipients, servers, or databases.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-119">**Rôles d’utilisateur final** Ces rôles, assignés à l’aide de stratégies d’attribution de rôle, permettent aux utilisateurs de gérer les aspects de leurs propres boîtes aux lettres et groupes de distribution qu’ils possèdent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-119">**End-user roles** These roles, assigned by using role assignment policies, let users manage aspects of their own mailboxes and distribution groups that they own.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-120">Les rôles d'utilisateur final commencent par le préfixe  `My`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-120">End-user roles begin with the prefix  `My`.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-121">Roles give administrators and users permissions to perform tasks by making cmdlets available to those who are assigned the roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-121">Roles give administrators and users permissions to perform tasks by making cmdlets available to those who are assigned the roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-122">Because the Exchange admin center (EAC) and Exchange Management Shell use cmdlets to manage Exchange Online, granting access to a cmdlet gives the administrator or user permission to perform the task in each of the Exchange Online management interfaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-122">Because the Exchange admin center (EAC) and Exchange Management Shell use cmdlets to manage Exchange Online, granting access to a cmdlet gives the administrator or user permission to perform the task in each of the Exchange Online management interfaces.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-123">The role-based permissions for Microsoft Online Services overlap with those of Exchange Online RBAC in two ways.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-123">The role-based permissions for Microsoft Online Services overlap with those of Exchange Online RBAC in two ways.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-124">First, users who are Global Administrators or Service Administrators in Microsoft Online are automatically assigned to the Organization Management role group in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-124">First, users who are Global Administrators or Service Administrators in Microsoft Online are automatically assigned to the Organization Management role group in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-125">Second, users who are Help Desk Administrators in Microsoft Online are automatically assigned to the Help Desk role group in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-125">Second, users who are Help Desk Administrators in Microsoft Online are automatically assigned to the Help Desk role group in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-126">Otherwise, the two security models are managed separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-126">Otherwise, the two security models are managed separately.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-127">Certains rôles disponibles dans la version sur site de Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 ne sont peut-être pas disponibles dans Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-127">Some roles available in the on-premises version of Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 may not be available in Exchange Online.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-128">Pour plus d'informations sur les autorisations disponibles dans Exchange Online, consultez la section [Autorisations basées sur des rôles](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271936).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-128">For more information about permissions in Exchange Online, see [Role-Based Permissions](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271936).</span></span>
  
## <a name="role-groups"></a><span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-129">Groupes de rôles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-129">Role groups</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-130">Les groupes de rôles de gestion associent les rôles de gestion à un groupe d'administrateurs ou d'utilisateurs spécialisés.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-130">Management role groups associate management roles to a group of administrators or specialist users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-131">Les administrateurs gèrent une organisation Exchange Online ou une configuration de destinataires étendue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-131">Administrators manage a broad Exchange Online organization or recipient configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-132">Les utilisateurs spécialisés gèrent les fonctionnalités spécifiques d’Exchange Online, telles que la conformité, ou ils peuvent avoir des capacités de gestion limitées, telles que les membres du support technique, mais ne reçoivent pas de droits d’administration étendus.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-132">Specialist users manage the specific features of Exchange Online, such as compliance, or they may have limited management abilities, such as Help desk members, but aren't given broad administrative rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-133">Les groupes de rôles associent généralement des rôles de gestion administrative permettant aux administrateurs et aux utilisateurs spécialistes de gérer la configuration de leur organisation et des destinataires.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-133">Role groups typically associate administrative management roles that let administrators and specialist users manage the configuration of their organization and recipients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-134">Par exemple, si les administrateurs peuvent gérer les destinataires ou utiliser les fonctionnalités de découverte des boîtes aux lettres sont contrôlées à l’aide de groupes de rôles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-134">For example, whether administrators can manage recipients or use mailbox discovery features is controlled by using role groups.</span></span> 
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-135">Certains groupes de rôles disponibles dans la version sur site de Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 ne sont peut-être pas disponibles dans Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-135">Some role groups available in the on-premises version of Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 may not be available in Exchange Online.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-136">Pour plus d'informations sur les groupes de rôles, consultez la section [Groupes de rôles et stratégies d'attribution de rôle](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271937).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-136">For more information about role groups, see [Role groups and role assignment policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271937).</span></span>
  
## <a name="role-assignment-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-137">Stratégies d'attribution des rôles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-137">Role assignment policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-138">Management role assignment policies associate end-user management roles to users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-138">Management role assignment policies associate end-user management roles to users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-139">Role assignment policies consist of roles that control what users can do with their mailboxes or distribution groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-139">Role assignment policies consist of roles that control what users can do with their mailboxes or distribution groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-140">These roles don't allow management of features that aren't directly associated with the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-140">These roles don't allow management of features that aren't directly associated with the user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-141">When you create a role assignment policy, you define everything a user can do with his or her mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-141">When you create a role assignment policy, you define everything a user can do with his or her mailbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-142">For example, a role assignment policy might allow a user to set the display name, set up voice mail, and configure Inbox rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-142">For example, a role assignment policy might allow a user to set the display name, set up voice mail, and configure Inbox rules.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-143">Another role assignment policy might allow a user to change the address, use text messaging, and set up distribution groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-143">Another role assignment policy might allow a user to change the address, use text messaging, and set up distribution groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-144">Every user with an Exchange Online mailbox, including administrators, is given a role assignment policy by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-144">Every user with an Exchange Online mailbox, including administrators, is given a role assignment policy by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-145">You can decide which role assignment policy should be assigned by default, choose what the default role assignment policy should include, override the default for certain mailboxes, or not assign any role assignment policies by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-145">You can decide which role assignment policy should be assigned by default, choose what the default role assignment policy should include, override the default for certain mailboxes, or not assign any role assignment policies by default.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-146">Certaines attributions de rôles disponibles dans la version sur site de Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 ne sont peut-être pas disponibles dans Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-146">Some role assignments available in the on-premises version of Microsoft Exchange Server 2013 may not be available in Exchange Online.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-147">Pour plus d'informations sur les stratégies d'attribution de rôle, consultez la section [Groupes de rôles et stratégies d'attribution de rôle](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271937).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-147">For more information about role assignment policies, see [Role groups and role assignment policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271937).</span></span>
  
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-148">Disponibilité des fonctionnalités</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-148">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ac6f4-149">Pour afficher la disponibilité des fonctionnalités dans les plans, les options autonomes et les solutions locales, consultez la rubrique [Description du service Exchange Online](exchange-online-service-description.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ac6f4-149">To view feature availability across plans, standalone options, and on-premises solutions, see [Exchange Online service description](exchange-online-service-description.md).</span></span>
  

