---
title: Partenaires
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- office-365-partners
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: 4548fc58-0b7c-41c1-890c-d3dc41d24c64
description: As an authorized Microsoft partner, Microsoft Office 365 offers you an opportunity to grow your customer base and create lasting relationships with them. For a monthly or annual fee paid to you, your customers can use cloud-based services so they don't have to manage data backups, server hardware, and server updates. The services available to you depend on the types of services you are authorized to provide.
ms.openlocfilehash: e9de8e6b3aadc5c1dcc7ef9d3949439336220f32
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: fr-FR
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45131688"
---
# <a name="partners"></a><span data-ttu-id="450e5-105">Partenaires</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-105">Partners</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-106">Les fonctionnalités partenaires décrites ci-dessous ne sont pas encore disponibles dans Office 365 géré par 21Vianet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-106">Partner features as described below are not yet available in Office 365 operated by 21Vianet.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="450e5-107">As an authorized Microsoft partner, Microsoft Office 365 offers you an opportunity to grow your customer base and create lasting relationships with them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-107">As an authorized Microsoft partner, Microsoft Office 365 offers you an opportunity to grow your customer base and create lasting relationships with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-108">For a monthly or annual fee paid to you, your customers can use cloud-based services so they don't have to manage data backups, server hardware, and server updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-108">For a monthly or annual fee paid to you, your customers can use cloud-based services so they don't have to manage data backups, server hardware, and server updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-109">The services available to you depend on the types of services you are authorized to provide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-109">The services available to you depend on the types of services you are authorized to provide.</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-110">For more information on how to use partner features, see [Build your business and administer your Office 365 partner subscription](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=271614&amp;clcid=0x409) and review the partner features presentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-110">For more information on how to use partner features, see [Build your business and administer your Office 365 partner subscription](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=271614&amp;clcid=0x409) and review the partner features presentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-111">To receive access to the partner features, you can join Cloud Essentials by signing the [Microsoft Online Services Partner Agreement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=285473).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-111">To receive access to the partner features, you can join Cloud Essentials by signing the [Microsoft Online Services Partner Agreement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=285473).</span></span> 
  
## <a name="create-trial-invitations-and-purchase-orders"></a><span data-ttu-id="450e5-112">Création d’offres d’essai et de bons de commande</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-112">Create trial invitations and purchase orders</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="450e5-113">You can create and send trial invitations to your customers so they can try Office 365 by using the **Partner overview** page in Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-113">You can create and send trial invitations to your customers so they can try Office 365 by using the **Partner overview** page in Office 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-114">The invitation can contain one or more services, depending on the offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-114">The invitation can contain one or more services, depending on the offer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-115">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add an option to the trial invitation that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-115">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add an option to the trial invitation that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-116">This makes it easier for your customer to try Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-116">This makes it easier for your customer to try Office 365.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="450e5-117">After you've sent a trial invitation for Office 365 to a customer, you can follow up by creating and sending a purchase offer that's customized to fit the needs of your customer including the specific services and the number of licenses your customer needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-117">After you've sent a trial invitation for Office 365 to a customer, you can follow up by creating and sending a purchase offer that's customized to fit the needs of your customer including the specific services and the number of licenses your customer needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-118">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add the option to the purchase offer that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-118">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add the option to the purchase offer that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span></span>
  
## <a name="provide-delegated-administration"></a><span data-ttu-id="450e5-119">Administration déléguée</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-119">Provide delegated administration</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="450e5-120">Delegated administration allows a partner to have full administrative access to all the customer's services and subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-120">Delegated administration allows a partner to have full administrative access to all the customer's services and subscriptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-121">This means you can perform administrative tasks on behalf of customers (including setting up mailboxes, adding or removing users and groups, data migration, and submitting service requests to Microsoft Customer Service and Support).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-121">This means you can perform administrative tasks on behalf of customers (including setting up mailboxes, adding or removing users and groups, data migration, and submitting service requests to Microsoft Customer Service and Support).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-122">Delegated administration capability is offered exclusively for partners who are enrolled in Cloud Essentials, Cloud Accelerate or the Cloud Deployment programs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-122">Delegated administration capability is offered exclusively for partners who are enrolled in Cloud Essentials, Cloud Accelerate or the Cloud Deployment programs.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="450e5-123">Before you can start administering a customer's account, the customer must authorize you as a delegated administrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-123">Before you can start administering a customer's account, the customer must authorize you as a delegated administrator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-124">To get customer approval, you send them an offer for delegated administration, which you can include with a trial invitation or purchase offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-124">To get customer approval, you send them an offer for delegated administration, which you can include with a trial invitation or purchase offer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-125">The customer authorizes a Delegated Administration partner by responding to the partner's invitational email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-125">The customer authorizes a Delegated Administration partner by responding to the partner's invitational email.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="450e5-126">Chaque client a le droit d’avoir un partenaire d’administration déléguée.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-126">Each customer is entitled to have one delegated administration partner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-127">Ce partenaire peut également être un partenaire de référence (POR), mais cela n'est pas indispensable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-127">This partner can also be a customer's Partner of Record (POR) but does not need to be.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-128">Les rôles des partenaires de référence et des administrateurs délégués sont indépendants : le client les désigne séparément.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-128">The roles of POR and delegated administration partners are separate, and the customer designates them separately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-129">Cela permet à un client de choisir un partenaire qui le conseille pour les achats et un autre pour l'implémentation des services gérés.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-129">This lets a customer choose one partner for purchase advice and another partner for implementation or managed services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-130">Cela permet également aux partenaires de choisir d'établir des relations commerciales dans un domaine spécialisé avec l'un de ces rôles ou les deux.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-130">It also lets partners choose whether to build business with a specialty in one or both of these roles.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="450e5-131">Même si un client a autorisé un partenaire à effectuer des tâches administratives pour son compte, il peut toujours contacter directement le Support Microsoft et envoyer des demandes de services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-131">Even when a customer has authorized a partner to perform administrative tasks on its behalf, the customer can still contact Microsoft support directly and submit service requests.</span></span>
  
## <a name="connect-with-customers-and-other-partners-in-the-office-365-marketplace"></a><span data-ttu-id="450e5-132">Connexion avec des clients et d'autres partenaires du Marketplace Office 365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-132">Connect with customers and other partners in the Office 365 Marketplace</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="450e5-133">The Office 365 Marketplace offers customers the opportunity to find partner services and expertise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-133">The Office 365 Marketplace offers customers the opportunity to find partner services and expertise.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-134">For more information, see [Get listed in the Marketplace](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272019&amp;clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-134">For more information, see [Get listed in the Marketplace](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272019&amp;clcid=0x409).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="450e5-135">The Microsoft Partner Network is committed to serving the needs of our partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-135">The Microsoft Partner Network is committed to serving the needs of our partners.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="450e5-136">To join the network, and to see how Microsoft serves its partners, see [Microsoft Partner Network](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272021&amp;clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-136">To join the network, and to see how Microsoft serves its partners, see [Microsoft Partner Network](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272021&amp;clcid=0x409).</span></span>
  
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="450e5-137">Disponibilité des fonctionnalités</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-137">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="450e5-138">Pour afficher la disponibilité des fonctionnalités dans les plans Microsoft 365 et Office 365, consultez la rubrique [microsoft 365 and office 365 Platform Service Description](office-365-platform-service-description.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="450e5-138">To view feature availability across Microsoft 365 and Office 365 plans, see [Microsoft 365 and Office 365 platform service description](office-365-platform-service-description.md).</span></span>
  